
Tab: Developmental time

This is the developmental time (from egg to adult) of Mastrus ridens at 8 different rearing temperatures: 11, 15, 18, 21, 22, 24, 27 and 30°C. After emergence I determined the sex of the adult (M or F) and measured its size (hind tibia length mm). 


We want to determine:
1.	The mean (±SE) development time (days) of M and Fs at each rearing temperature
2.	Is there a significant difference in adult size at different rearing temperatures? M and F data analysed separately. Then if no difference, analyse together. 


Tab: Developmental rate

The developmental rate is the reciprocal of the development time in the previous tab (i.e. 1/ developmental time). 
You developed some graphs with thresholds last year Non-linear fit using original Logan model and Non-linear fit using Lactin modified Logan model. These will need to be modified with the additional data at 11 and 30°C

We want to estimate :
1.	The optimal, lower and upper development thresholds for Mastrus ridens 

The thresholds and regression will need to be calculated with the actual temperature readings given in the spreadsheet (second column). 


Tab: Emergence

This is the number of Mastrus ridens live adults that emerged from the cocoons at the  different rearing temperatures: 11, 15, 18, 21, 22, 24, 27 and 30°C. 
CM= Codling moth rep number within each temperature. 
Total number of cocoons= Total number of Mastrus cocoons found on that CM.
Emerged adults= The number of Mastrus adults that emerged from that group of  cocoons.
Unemerged larva= The number of cocoons with unemerged Mastrus larvae.
Unemerged pupae or adults= The number of cocoons with unemerged Mastrus pupae or adults.

We want to determine:

1.	The emergence rates at the different temperatures. Proportion of cocoons emerging as adults 
2.	Is there a significant difference in adult emergences rates at different rearing temperatures? 


Tab: Adult Emergence

This is the time (days) to adult emergence of Mastrus ridens, initially reared at 22°C for 14 days, then at 1 of 9 different rearing temperatures: 7, 11, 15, 18, 21, 22, 24, 27  and 30°C. After emergence I determined the sex of the adult (M or F) and measured its size (hind tibia length). 

We want to determine:
3.	The mean (±SE) time (days) to adult emergence of M and Fs at each rearing temperature.
4.	Is there a significant difference in adult size at different rearing temperatures? M and F data analysed separately. Then if no difference, analyse together. 


Any questions, just give me a yell. Thanks again!
Asha


